next example let's see how we make a hdd rehn
we see the archives
are these and the result will be similar to this one
we select the 4
files we are going to also tas
another shock
combine for hdr
we have four images in raw to 16 bits are pretty heavy images
are from a compact camera notes the most ideal but for example to be equal
Good
we accept is because the clouds are moved
we see the image we have
a pretty high range
we chop the option to remove ghosts and it will leave us better the van was going to
try to polish a bit
clouds
I am always in favor of leaving a little bit more
we accept
and then now in contusion we will be able to outline
definitely the h
we have the advantage when we talk about hdr
that we have a lot of information
amazing we can take out
wonders and we are now going to convert the image to 16 bits and this box does not come out
Dialog
procuro party go from the middle
and then today, more or less, the results
let's give it a little range
the range what it does is give them more importance
doing because up
basically we have to be careful with this tool what makes
edge glow
we will see it now better
be more profiles to the image but the detail also
like a paper with that
let's turn a little
and we are going to start to give you some detail
accents shadows
we took it a little
two men we leave you a little lower
highlight it, we leave it a little higher and we will see how the image
taking a little bit of shape, let's slowly outline
let's go dublin a little bit more here
the detail how we see
is what can give us away
it can make us sing when it comes to stop problems
posadas a little more detail we will reach up to 100
we see that the image begins to take we give a little
saturation so that it starts to pick up a little bit of color
also care moscon
we take a little in the shadows
nr jumped we also go carefully
that what would provide us highlighted this is what we have in the church
we give a little bit of light with the tone curve
and we have a ready image
to then go to
foto cedoc in the photoshop finish polishing the
with care especially with the detail that is when we are going to plow a little
curves layer
and what we do is help a little in the exhibition
especially asphalt and houses
curves layer of curves we hit a free shot we give a brush with opacity to 10
we take a little more
church
we invest again
contrast
to the asphalt
then let's give a little bit of volume
to the houses layer of curves again
we give all
and then we close the shadows to give the contrast
we only have data a bit
more to heaven
especially in the part farthest from the church
we see how it is
now we make a layer of levels
we have a layer of levels we make sure that
the black is
ideye
in the survey
and vesubio is the exhibition
I am not very supportive of raising the exposure in levels
but in this case there is no unemployment
our image
we will see
with hd r with a lot of range
from this bike photo it was practically impossible to take in one shot and thanks to
the hr we have created
this picture
let's make a save as the bear compare with the other images that
we have
at the time of closing cerac is what we have to take into account
is that with the hdr it is very easy to create surreal effects
obviously this image is surreal
but it has stayed better this time that the time is tested previously
we see the first take the second shot
third
and this has been with the hdr
the image has a lot of depth of field, all the details
just some pretty tough shooters and adjust
those of the hdr
we see that it is a final moron is pretty good
we take three or four shots of the same image and we create the accesses to networks but
We are careful especially with the detail to not give too much volume to
the image and that is very surreal